Add link to ann-benchmarks main website (#22)
rseng/rseng: _posts/software/2020-11-01-ann-benchmarks.md

ann-benchmarks invents a way to combine these two points of view: It plots queries per second (roughly speed) versus recall (roughly how many of the nearest neighbors did we get). This will vary depending on hardware, so a number of leading algorithms have been placed in Docker containers, along with a handful of representative data sets (different algorithms can perform differently depending on features of the data set, like its dimension).

> The only dependencies are Python 3.6 and Docker. Just clone and install the package. Running it iseasy (although running all algorithms on all data sets can take days!). You can configure a YAML file to specify datasets. An example invocation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only dependencies are Python 3.6 and Docker. Just clone and install the package. Running it is easy (although running all algorithms on all data sets can take days!). You can configure a YAML file to specify datasets. An example invocation:
```

## How do I get started?
 
 - [README Documentation](https://github.com/erikbern/ann-benchmarks#Install) is always a good place to start.

>  - [main site](http://ann-benchmarks.com) is the main site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ann-benchmarks.com](http://ann-benchmarks.com) is the main site.
```
